Lat Arriving Metrics Doc changes (#2800)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source/logs-metrics/upload-metrics.md

After you have added an [HTTP Logs and Metrics Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source) to a [Hosted Collector](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/configure-hosted-collector) you can begin uploading data. You can upload both logs and metrics to the same HTTP source, however not in the same HTTP request. This document provides instructions on uploading metrics, if you are uploading logs see [Upload Logs to an HTTP Source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/http-source).

:::note

> 1. Metrics reported with a timestamp older than 24 hours ago or newer than 24 hours in the future from the time they are reported are dropped. Please make sure that the Metrics sent HTTP Endpoint have appropriate timestamps.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Metrics reported with a timestamp older than 24 hours ago or newer than 24 hours in the future from the time they are reported are dropped. Please make sure that the Metrics sent to HTTP Endpoint have appropriate timestamps.
```

> 1. Metrics reported with a timestamp older than 24 hours ago or newer than 24 hours in the future from the time they are reported are dropped. Please make sure that the Metrics sent to HTTP Endpoint have appropriate timestamps.
> 2. Sumo Logic enforces limits on the volume of metrics and associated metadata you ingest. For more information, see Data Limits for Metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Metrics reported with a timestamp older than 24 hours ago or newer than 24 hours in the future from the time they are reported are dropped. Please make sure that the Metrics sent to HTTP Endpoint have appropriate timestamps.
* Sumo Logic enforces limits on the volume of metrics and associated metadata you ingest. For more information, see [Data Limits for Metrics](/docs/metrics/manage-metric-volume/data-limits-for-metrics).
```
